docs - history (#26144)
metabase/metabase: docs/exploration-and-organization/history.md

---
title: History
---

# History

## Viewing tracked changes

1. Go to your question, dashboard, or model.
2. Click the info icon.
3. A sidebar will pop up with a history of up to 15 versions.

Metabase will keep track of a version each time you [save](../questions/sharing/answers.md#how-to-save-a-question), [move](../questions/sharing/answers.md#editing-your-question), [revert](#reverting-to-previous-versions), [archive](#archive), or [verify](./exploration.md#verified-items) a question or model.

## Reverting to previous versions

1. Go to your question, dashboard, or model.
2. Click the info icon.
3. A sidebar will appear with up to 15 previous versions.
4. Click on the **back arrow** icon beside a version to revert your item to that point in time.

> ## Archive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Archiving items
```

> Sometimes your questions or dashboards outlive their usefulness and need to be sent to Metabase Heaven.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes your questions or dashboards outlive their usefulness and need to be sent to the Metabase Archives.
```
Super annoying note from me here: I like the joke, but it's off/imprecise. I'm told that people generally can't return from heaven.  Feel free to rephrase with another term.

Author: No problem, it's not my joke 😆 Just wanted to preserve a bit of personality from the original doc.
